[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Relax your body.
Observe your breath
as it goes in and out.
Now move your awareness
into the area of your heart.
Allow your ego to
move out of the way,
and you will get in
touch with your spirit.
Be grateful.
You, my friend, are
not your thoughts.
You are the thinker
of the thoughts.
The thoughts come from you.
So where are you?
You are in the stillness, the
silence, between your thoughts.
That stillness, that
silence, is you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And that you is the window
to the infinite mind.
The mystery we call God
is whispering to you
in the silent space
between your thoughts.
It is for this reason that the
great wisdom traditions say, be
still and know that I am God.
Between every in breath
and every out breath
is the stillness.
Between every thought
that arises and every
thought that subsides
is the stillness.
Watch the stillness between your
breath, between your thought.
Just observe.
And then watch the
one who's watching.
As you listen to me
now, turn your attention
to the one who's listening.
You have found the secret
to that part of you
that transcends space and time.
You have found the secret
to that part of you that is
mortal, that part of you
that fire cannot burn,
water cannot wet, wind cannot
dry, weapons cannot shatter,
that part of you
which is beyond fear,
that part of you that is without
beginning, without ending,
that part of you which
is the divine in you.
You have found the secret
to that part of you
that will continue to evolve
as the universe evolves.
Now relax into your body.
And remember, anytime the
stresses and the worries
overwhelm you, come back into
the sacred space of your heart.
You are in the stillness.
You're in the silence
between your thoughts.
Return to your stillness.
That stillness, that
silence, is you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]